A few small fixes from Rudolfs' feedback (#32)
radicle-dev/registry.radicle.xyz: docs/submit-transactions.md

ⓘ All the transactions provide the same [Command-Line Options](#command-line-options).

> - Transfer funds from an account to another account, possibly org's:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transfer funds from the author's account to another account, which can be a local, org's, or user's account.
```

Reviewer: A bit too many "accounts' though.

Author: That's the only word we have :smile: Fixed.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli account transfer --help
    ```

> - Transfer funds from an org's account to another account, possibly another org's:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfer funds from an org's account to another account, which can be a local, org's, or user's account.
```

Author: Fixed

    Mandatory for all transactions. The author option lets you specify the account that is
    used to sign the transaction. You can use the `account` command group to manage your

>     accounts, that you want to use to sign a transaction.

Reviewer: This is unclear if it's referring to managing the accounts (i.e, if you want to sign a transaction, you need to manage your accounts), or to the accounts themselves. I suggest making this block:

 > Mandatory for all transactions. The author option lets you specify the local account that 
> is used to sign the transaction. You can use the `account` command group to generate 
> and list the local accounts that you can to use to sign transactions.

Author: I've just replaced the dot with the comma D: Your proposition is fine though :+1:

Author: Fixed
